3 Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
2 An EXIT sign , that is .
4 A lovely film for the holiday season .
1 Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
5 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
3 If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
5 A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
2 The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
2 This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
2 Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
4 Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
4 As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
4 It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
2 Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
3 It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
4 No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
2 This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
1 This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
3 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
3 Every child 's story is what matters .
3 The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
5 A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
5 Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
3 ... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
2 Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
4 ... a solid , unassuming drama .
3 While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
4 A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
4 It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
2 ` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
4 The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
1 No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
1 - spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
4 eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
3 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
3 13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .
4 A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
1 It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
4 Pipe Dream does have its charms .
1 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
5 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
2 This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
2 The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
1 Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
3 Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
5 A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
2 I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
4 Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
1 Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
2 Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
5 A gripping drama .
4 While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
3 After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
1 Execrable .
2 The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
3 Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
2 Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
1 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
4 Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
1 Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
4 An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
5 Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
2 Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
4 But the actors make this worth a peek .
2 This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
5 Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
2 It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
4 It 's sweet .
2 The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
3 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
1 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
3 It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
4 Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai ( of all places ) served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
5 This is one of the year 's best films .
4 It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
2 Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
2 A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
3 A portrait of an artist .
1 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
2 An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
5 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
4 Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
1 Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
1 Staggeringly dreadful romance .
5 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
1 Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
4 It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
5 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
2 A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
2 Any rock pile will do for a set .
2 Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
4 Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
3 It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
3 There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .
1 Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
3 Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
4 And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
5 A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
2 A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
3 The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
1 A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
4 Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )
5 What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
5 But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
4 While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
1 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
4 A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
3 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .
4 Though writer/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
3 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
2 It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
1 Does n't add up to much .
4 A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
2 Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
5 An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
3 A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
5 The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
3 It will break your heart many times over .
1 One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
3 Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
2 Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
4 Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
2 The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
4 It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
3 Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
3 It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .
4 A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
5 When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
3 Adam SANDLER !
1 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
4 ( Gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
4 No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
2 Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
5 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
5 The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
5 A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
4 None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
4 Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
2 As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
2 A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
3 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
4 A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
3 As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
4 Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
2 Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
3 A `` black Austin Powers ? ''
5 The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
5 Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
2 Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
2 For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
5 Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
4 It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
5 Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
5 Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
5 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
4 Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
5 Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
1 ... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
5 It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
4 Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
3 An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
4 Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
4 I loved the look of this film .
4 A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
4 ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
4 The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
2 Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
2 ... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
2 Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
3 Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .
4 The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
3 Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .
1 Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
3 If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?
4 A winning and wildly fascinating work .
5 A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
2 his ( Nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
5 Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
1 Get out your pooper-scoopers .
4 Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
3 But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
4 Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
2 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
4 Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
2 A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
3 Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of Generations .
4 Genuinely unnerving .
3 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
1 This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
2 But it was n't .
2 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
4 Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
3 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .
4 Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
2 It 's not original enough .
5 Astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
2 The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
2 Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
3 More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...
5 Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
4 This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
2 ( A ) stale retread of the '53 original .
2 A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
4 Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
4 Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
2 A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
2 The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
1 There 's already been too many of these films ...
4 While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
1 A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
5 Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
5 There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
5 That , in itself , is extraordinary .
1 Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
5 This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
4 Oh , James !
5 Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
1 Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
3 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
4 Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
4 Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
4 A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
2 I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
1 A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
4 So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
2 This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
4 Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
4 Surprisingly insightful
1 It does n't work as either .
2 Lacks depth .
4 A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
4 A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
3 Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .
4 Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
3 The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
1 The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
3 A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
1 Thumbs down .
1 The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
5 Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
5 While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
3 It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
5 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4 George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
3 A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
1 Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
2 More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
3 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
2 Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
2 If only it had the story to match .
